Docs/backend test bench (#238)
zama-ai/concrete: concrete-core/docs/dev/tutorial.md

let lwe_dimension = LweDimension(6);
// Here a hard-set encoding is applied (shift by 20 bits)
let input = vec![3_u32 << 20; 3];

> let noise = Variance(2_f64.powf( - 25.));

Reviewer: extra spaces

let mut core_engine = CoreEngine::new().unwrap();
let h_key: LweSecretKey32 = core_engine.create_lwe_secret_key(lwe_dimension).unwrap();

> let h_plaintext_vector: PlaintextVector32 = core_engine.create_plaintext_vector( & input).unwrap();

Reviewer: extra spaces

let mut h_ciphertext_vector: LweCiphertextVector32 =

> core_engine.encrypt_lwe_ciphertext_vector( & h_key, & h_plaintext_vector, noise).unwrap();

Reviewer: extra spaces

let mut gpu_engine = GpuEngine::new().unwrap();
let d_ciphertext_vector: GpuLweCiphertextVector32 =

> gpu_engine.convert_lwe_ciphertext_vector( & h_ciphertext_vector).unwrap();

Reviewer: extra spaces

let h_output_ciphertext_vector: LweCiphertextVector32 =

> gpu_engine.convert_lwe_ciphertext_vector( & d_ciphertext_vector).unwrap();

Reviewer: extra spaces

core_engine.destroy(h_key).unwrap();
core_engine.destroy(h_plaintext_vector).unwrap();
core_engine.destroy(h_ciphertext_vector).unwrap();
gpu_engine.destroy(d_ciphertext_vector).unwrap();
core_engine.destroy(h_output_ciphertext_vector).unwrap();
```

And this converts an LWE ciphertext vector from the CPU to the GPU! Next step is to test your

> backend, for this head to the [page dedicated to tests](testing_backends.md)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backend, for this head to the [tests tutorial](testing_backends.md)!
```
